For our project, we decided to implement the MERN stack as our design philosophy. We wanted to work with MERN rather than MEAN because the group felt more confident working with React rather than Angular. Most of our members did their coding through WebStorm. It was the easiest software that could program using JavaScript and have a GUI for Git. Subsequently, we stored our product on GitHub.

We planned weekly sprint meetings to keep the team up-to-date with how far along the project was. It was a great opportunity for team members to voice concerns or gain updates on another person’s progression. While working on the product with so many members, we tried to maintain a GitFlow in order to keep commits clean and trackable. It kept the team organized and minimized any conflicts during merging. We also adopted a specific Git commit convention. Team members would write the ID of the user story, followed by what they had worked on. During the writing of our code, we stayed consistent with our naming process, the names pertained to their intended purpose. In our file structure, we made sure to keep related file in a folder with easy to find paths. For example, containers, reducers, and components we kept separate. 

At first, we attempted to estimate the difficult of the user stories. Due to our inexperience, we ended up underestimating the challenges of coding with React and overestimating the API calls. This caused us to inaccurately distribution the work load. For most of the project, we kept three people working on the back-end API calls and two people working on the React. This was very inefficient. The back-end was finished much earlier than expected and the front-end programmers had to deal with the stress of a much larger work load. We tried to amend this by giving the back-end team a lesson in React. However, at that point the code was too confusing for beginners. We also didn’t like how the API calls were programmed. Since they needed to be developed first, they were made in a rush. We later discovered more efficient ways of making these API calls. 

Moving on in this project, we would have continued to do weekly sprint meetings. It kept the team motivate since everyone was expected to finish something before the meeting. It also helped keep the team’s morale up since members could clear any confusions. We would have kept our product on Git since everyone was becoming very comfortable with it. We were able to teach some of the back-end programs React. Moving on, we would have moved more programmers to the front end to lessen the workload. Finally, we used a web Mongo client as a main database. While it is practically to have our database on the web, the servious only provided a limited amount of space. If we were to up scale the project, we would move the database locally.  
