## PROCESS

Group meetings were held once a week in person. These meetings usually lasted one or two hours. They were organized through the Facebook messenger application. At the first meeting, the tasks were divided among the group members based on skill set. Group member worked on their assigned tasks individually. However, we would communicate through the application Discord. At the in person meetings, the group members shared ideas and critiqued them. Since some members finished their tasks early, they worked with others on more complicated tasks.

When making decisions, we voted on the outcome. For example, when deciding user story difficulty, we wrote our decision down on a piece of paper, then each person showed their choice at the same time. Disagreements were resolved via more debate on the topic, then put to final vote where majority rules. This was done to expedite decision making and avoid wasting too much time on arguing in a deadlock.   

When we were defining priority and difficulty for each user story, we only needed one round of voting, with some discussion as to why each person chose the number they did, and then we voted once more on one number. We used fibonacci numbers to decide difficulty because the numbers between them are spaced apart. This made it easier to choose one value over another, because going up one difficulty level can increase the number by quite a bit. We assigned creating the database as the highest priority, and rated the other relevant user stories accordingly. 

Regarding team organization, we envision that our project will consist of three main components: database, controller, and the webpage. Jack and Albert have database experience and will take on that role, Philip R. will be working on the controller. Philip C. will be working on the front-end webpage. Zhao will be the Team Lead and as such will manage Git and will work on the different components as necessary.   

We feel that assigning individual tasks was a good idea since it allowed group members to focus completely on one thing, increasing efficiency. However, the in-person meetings allowed for peer-review and discussion on our work. Any members were allowed to voice their concerns and offer advice at that time. Moving forward, we feel we should copy this method of assigning individual task since we consider it successful during sprint 0. We will continue to meet in-person once a week to provide feedback and to work together where needed.
